Implement ipyvtk (#983)
pyvista/pyvista: README.rst

--------------------

* Extensive gallery of examples (see `Quick Examples`_)

> * Embeddable rendering in Jupyter Notebooks (static and interactive with `ipyvtk_simple`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interactive plotting in Jupyter Notebooks (server-side rendering with `ipyvtk_simple`_)
```

Just a tweak to make sure we are conveying this correctly (it is not static/embeddable since it is server-side and requires an open Python thread.
